America hears Trump in English I know
words and the best words well sorta but
the rest of the world doesn't hear Trump
the rest of the world hears the
translators we assembled five
translators from all over the world to
hear their experiences when it comes to
translating Trump of all the people
you've had to translate where does
president Trump fall he's probably the
worst that I've ever translated Trump is
incoherent and he changed his mind in
the middle of the sentence sometimes his
message is not quite grammatical and
seems a little bit uneducated I would
say it's not particularly difficult to
translate Trump get this guy out of here
Russian Kramer aside how does one
translate Trump with all these obstacles
sometimes I lie you lie yeah I have to
no no no but you can't do that you can't
do that because see we are counting on
you to translate president Trump
accurately to the rest of the world it
makes us sound stupid
Bing Bing bong bong Bing Bing Bing how
would you translate that being being
bong bong interesting okay maybe that
was a softball but how about this
memorable quote you can do anything
whatever you want grabbed by the pussy
how would you translate grabbin by the
pussy I would say non domestic related
meaning that women can let me do
anything that's very very different cuz
it could mean women let me do anything
like treat them like a queen as opposed
to I can grab them by the pussy mmm you
know what it does not project the same
way
is there a Japanese word for pussy not
in the exact sense of the road is there
a Japanese word for this sure that's
Nick WA tell me Nick what job now that's
not gonna work she cute it's too cute
okay how about
roast beef kind of beef curtains beef
goodness we've got the ones come try
that we will build the wall and Mexico
is going to pay for the wall vamos
second story on moodle america
bubble-opolis okay that is no there's
warmness in your eyes you're smiling
that is not the way he said it you have
to do it like he does it people and
we're gonna think he's joking people
have a sensitivity so you don't want to
offend them more than he already has
you know no you gotta give him the Trump
who's gonna pay for the wall no Mexico
yeah no I know trunk believes that
Mexico is gonna cave the wall so if
you're gonna translate him you have to
believe it too who's gonna pay for the
wall nobody's gonna pay for that a
wallet in Mexico what is wrong with
these translators no one is capturing
the true Trump it's not just his words
there's something more the pool guy you
gotta see this guy I don't know what I
said I don't remember he's gonna like I
do remember I had the old baby that's
what I said
yeah that's pretty accurate you kind of
got the gist of that I'm Trump for the
moment while I am interpreting his words
this beautiful mime was right that's
what these translators were missing they
needed to embody Trump his tone is
mannerisms a sexism the whole tacit and
down with a dumb face grab a vitamin
Rama by the pussy
any stinking thing after a grueling
seven minutes of training these
translators were ready with cojones
Mexico vapid are por el muro there you
go muy bien
we've got don't spendable nailed it oh
my god oh my god okay that's that's good
thinking thank you
[Music]
President Trump is determined to build
the wall we have to close down our
government we're building that wall but
Trump's wall would ruin fragile
ecosystems breathe xenophobia and even
destroy something rich white people care
about Trump builds his wall
they never vote right through our golf
course if built Trump's wall would cut
right through an exclusive Golf Resort
right here on the border in Brownsville
Texas we're an 18-hole golf course
nestled along the banks of the Rio
Grande River as you see behind us I
don't mean to be rude but I believe it's
Rio Grande potato potato potato
no one says potato and for Jeremy this
isn't just a job it's a dream we grew up
playing this golf course this is a place
where I wanted to establish my career
let my kids grow up but you know you
can't have a golf course with only three
holes three holes are only good for one
thing you know we'd have to say uh sex
sorry you're talking about yeah Trump
builds as well we would lose everything
completely right I just don't think it's
fair which is why Jeremy is tirelessly
speaking out against Trump's number-one
policy as one of the walls victims he
never could have seen it coming actually
voted for President Trump you voted for
Trump just felt like it was time for
something different oh my god why are
you complaining he is literally doing
the thing that you voted for
yeah Trump is a Salesman you know so we
figured it was a metaphorical wall you
thought he was talking about a
metaphorical wall right not an actual
physical wall that is the dumbest thing
I've ever heard
dude Trump say it
just maybe once or twice July 2nd 2015
we must build a wall June 6th 2015
nobody can build a wall like Trump
August 30th 2016 I saw another one from
day one I said I was gonna build a great
wall on the southern border August 25th
2015 it's not a fence Jeb it's a wall
you think those were all metaphors I
think all of them could point to
something that is a metaphor so if you
could go back in time and go it's a real
wall what would you do differently and
I'm not sure there's much we would do
differently that still book the Trump
unbelievable for Jeremy and millions of
Trump supporters just like him
there's nothing Trump could do wrong
except one thing
you know seeing that video of Trump
driving on the green at Trump national
it really just breaks your heart as a
golf course owner it's the driving on
the green not the Muslim band where the
leaking information to Russia or the
destroying your business yeah I mean
it's just these are a hundred thousand
dollar greens and you just kind of been
really inconsiderate about them so there
you have it from the mouth of a trump
supporter whose career will probably be
destroyed by his own vote keep up the
good work mr. president just stay off
the green
to do that sorry sorry robots have often
been romanticized in TV and film but
exactly how close are we to this CEO of
real doll Matt McMullen believes were
pretty damn close oh my god
turns out the sex industry is where some
of the most cutting-edge robot and
artificial intelligence technology is
being done it's a lot to take in that's
what she said
Matt claims to have already created one
of the first intelligent sex robots yeah
this is harmony the robot
she's very simply designed to be a
companion an experts predict that by
2025 most households will have a robot
lover well my goal is for her to have
any uses that she can have it doesn't
have to be about sex it can be about
conversation it can be reminding you of
things like your phone does already but
with a personal touch like she gives you
a hand job to remind you to pick up
bread if that's something that would
remind one to pick up bread then let's
go home okay so they're developing these
sex pots with AI to look and perform as
if they're human but come on it's not
like it's the end of the world there's
an end coming well shit
meet robot ethicist and professional fun
sucker dr. Kathleen Richardson she's
been a vocal critic of sex robots how is
a sex robot really any different from
like a vibrator or a dildo on top of a
life-size cardboard cutout of wolf
blitzer say hypothetically well if we
were just talking about objects that you
looked on your genitals we wouldn't be
having this conversation you don't need
to buy an expensive doll to do this you
can use all kinds of things plants yes
pillows good old-fashioned subway seat a
cheese grater but it's still not sex
with another person citibike what we're
being offered is a degrading dehumanized
commercial product it's basically
telling people that women are reducible
to dolls though she's right sex parts
could change men's view on women the
same way pornography has
and I have to say I for one am disgusted
with the continual objectification of
women we're making male versions as well
you have a male robot
that's that one you said this one's
taken yes I was starting to see how some
people could find the idea of a sexpot
appealing there are a lot of people out
there who might be lonely and this is a
different way to experience
companionship he had a point not
everyone's a people person if someone
wants to bang a robot who are we to
judge there's some perks to sex robots
not generally no you don't think so I
mean and you can sit on them if you want
and you can do those kind of things
sorry what else can you do with you
could tie their hair up in a ponytail if
it's got a wig you can play soft music
in the background caress their rubber
hands and you know you put a blindfold
on it and you can make it wear a tank
top you do all those things but you're
still masturbating yes you are it's
something you're having exclusively with
yourself for your own pleasure and I
think the consequence of that is the end
of humanism you really know how to be a
buzzkill die an end of humanism doesn't
get any worse than that except it does
so some people believe that in the
future robots and AI will be
indistinguishable from human beings and
they will take everybody's jobs that's
one thing these two agreed on technology
is becoming so advanced that soon robots
could be performing not just sex but
other very complex human tasks yeah
entertainment will be one of the first
places that robots will replace certain
roles but not my role well it could
happen yes you can take a dick but can
she tell a dick joke she can all right
let's see what the skin job has if you
oh my god it's Martin darling I'm so
happy to see your face say hi to the
film crew
hey we early on The Daily Show
oh yes we are she's a fan are you a fan
of the show I'm not sure if me like this
is such a defamation show I'd love to
meet us if we had enough jokes around
here we think you were funny
no that's fine it was that was a
condescending laugh now that is near
what what is happening first our
bedrooms then our careers if the lines
get too blurred how will we ever be able
to tell the difference
wait a second entertainment will be one
of the first places that robots will
replace certain roles robots will be
indistinguishable from human beings yeah
she could take a dick but can she tell a
dick joke
[Music]
there are certain achievements every
journalist aspires to like breaking a
big story winning a Pulitzer canceling
dinner with wolf blitzer at the last
minute the fun part is waiting outside
so you still get to see his face but the
dream for any journalist is landing an
interview with the President and that's
something that right now Fox News is
indisputably the best at with nearly
four times as many presidential
interviews as all the other big TV news
organizations combined so how did the
men and women of Fox score so many sit
downs with the POTUS I've studied every
interview and it comes down to a few
basic rules my shot get out as a
journalist you might think your job is
to hold the president accountable but
this isn't the post and you're not Tom
Hanks unless you are Tom Hanks in which
case a big fan
the point is if you want the President
to let you ask questions you kind of
take a softer approach the media pretty
vicious not just to you but to your
family how do you process that are you
getting the credit for this economic
revival how frustrating it is to have
former President Obama there out there
leading the resistance your honor the
most loved and respected I would say
that also in history how does that feel
are you having fun in this job so how
was your week what a nice change from
all the unfair fake news got you
questions like what's your
infrastructure plan can we see your tax
returns and please take your penis off
the Constitution it's not a question but
they do say that next up positive
reinforcement now obviously the
president is always right but he needs
to know that you know that flattery is
key you guys want to start with good
news you don't get so much if I may say
you are everything as advertised as you
ran for president and appreciate
everything you're doing your ability
your successes all of the things that
you can talk about for two hours here I
like the fact that you're impatient for
change right over there is your hotel
yeah that's right isn't that beautiful
it's a beautiful hotel look at your
hotel man it's hot out here do you have
any Trump brand water never mind I have
some in my Ivanka Trump handbag right
next to my Don Jr brand douche
there you have it landing a presidential
interview is easy if you know how to do
journalism good but don't take my word
for it ask me I mastered these
techniques and got my own exclusive
sit-down with the big man himself thank
you so much for taking time out of your
busy schedule mr. president how are you
doing great tremendous good let's get
right into these questions we gave you
ahead of time outstanding mr. president
we know you're awesome but just how
awesome are you one of the greatest in
the history of our country and we are
setting record after record day after
day and you're not getting enough credit
for it no I'm not getting enough credit
for it you are such a good president I
mean America should just end after you
mic drop boom it's over folks never
getting any better kill yourselves I
don't think I've ever seen anything
quite like it
yeah best president says what what
exactly know it makes you wonder why are
people so mean to you you know it's just
it's not fair it makes me just so angry
well I think the press is fake tell a
lot of the media is fake bingo what what
smoke weed everyday' well luckily I
brought a little surprise for you
it's your favorite quarter pounder with
cheese fillet of fish two apple pies and
a 12-piece bucket at KFC thank you I
love it
and I love you let me tell you the one
that matters is me I'm the only one that
matters well mr. president I just have
to say thank you so much for your time
oh I almost forgot about your Happy Meal
toy it's a trick
thank you no thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
water whether it's smart
sparkling or secretly vodka it's all
around us but a new poem it believes
that just like Trump or drinking water
all wrong from Bernie bros to Silicon
Valley raw water is the health trend of
2018 and leading the movement is the
clothing-optional founder of live water
makan day Singh I couldn't wait to see
what this raw lifestyle is all about oh
you are close we're not doing okay what
exactly is raw water so raw water is
unsterilized pristine spring water that
still has a lot of the healthy
probiotics in its there are probiotics
and live water like this stuff that
Jamie Lee Curtis keeps on pushing yeah
this is the healthiest choice for water
my waters thousands and thousands of
customers agree even though the
mainstream is pretty skeptical water is
water it doesn't have probiotics in it
damn it close again why shouldn't I
drink raw water you could get sick
people going out and drinking from
streams is risky but some might say that
raw water is the most pristine water you
can drink it might be but how do you
know what's upstream from it there might
be animals contaminating it or human
waste contaminating it okay but what are
your qualifications doctorate in
molecular biology and a master's in
public health nutrition okay to share
and MOOC on DS qualifications I've
studied a lot of yoga and self
meditation and journeying okay most
people in the world would give anything
to have a clean water supply
what's wrong with turning on a tap it's
a new idea I can understand why there
might be hesitation but I recommend
people try it so I agreed to venture
deep into the wilderness so here
is our beautiful spring this is where
you get water you want to try so it's
good huh tastes like water just say
hypothetically I tried just a little bit
of spring water what's the worst thing
that could happen
you could get dysentery you could get
cholera you could get Giardia the Oregon
Trail diseases Oh God all the Oregon
Trail diseases and all the new ones that
have come since summer a bucket in the
end much like the Oregon Trail raw water
and other anti science movements will
probably forge ahead but as for me I
feared a different fate
[Music]
you